Components: FormTokenField - add prop to allow saving of tokens onBlur (#53976)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/components/src/form-token-field/README.md

-   `__experimentalValidateInput` - If passed, all introduced values will be validated before being added as tokens.
-   `__experimentalAutoSelectFirstMatch` - If true, the select the first matching suggestion when the user presses the Enter key (or space when tokenizeOnSpace is true).
-   `__nextHasNoMarginBottom` - Start opting into the new margin-free styles that will become the default in a future version, currently scheduled to be WordPress 6.5. (The prop can be safely removed once this happens.)

> -   `tokenizeOnBlur` - If true adds any incompleteTokenValue as a new token when field loses focus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `tokenizeOnBlur` - If true, add any incompleteTokenValue as a new token when the field loses focus.
```

Author: Fixed
